# 金装律师

1. Mike you can not keep me in the dark not when you're the one asking me for help.
2. Couldn't take the chance that you wouldn't help.
3. You told me it was about one of Monica's old cases.
4. You lied like it's second nature.
5. Our backs are against the wall.
6. I did what I had to do.
7. And you're proud of that.
8. Rachel, sometimes you have to cross a line to do right thing.
9. Harvey has really rubbed off on you.

# The Family man

1. Do you have any idea what you put us through today?
2. You walk out of here at 7.40 in the morning.
3. You don't tell me where you're going
4. I was on the phone with the hospital, for God's sakes.
5. What kind of man leaves his family on Christmas morning without a word where's he going?
6. Try not to get worked up, Jack
7. After all ,You brought this on this yourself.
8. Bought what on myself? I didn't do anything!
9. I got everything I need? 
10. Just tell me what's happening to me in  plain English without the mumbo jumbo.
11. Let it come to you，man.

# 艾米莉在巴黎

1. But then he said he felt like he put himself out there , And I didn't reciprocate.
2. But you didn't(reciprocate)
3. I deserve this.
4. I didn't realize what I had until I lost it.
5. You're just gonna have to really put yourself out there if you want him back.
6. How did you end up working with Antoine

# 笔记

## 1
1. keep sb in the dark 瞒着某人
2. not when 不要在...时候
3. take the chance 冒险
4. second nature.
5. cross a line 越界
6. rub off on you 受到某人的影响

## The Family man

1. Do you have any idea...? 你知道吗？
2. be on the phone 打电话
3. for God's sakes.
   1. 非常生气
   2. 拜托
4. What kind of man(person)....

## 艾米莉在巴黎

1. put oneself out there 鼓起勇气 ，放手一搏
2. What if I mess up?
3. I deserve this. 这是我应得的
4. you deserve so much better. 你值得更好的。
5. end up :最终成为，最后处于...状态
   1. How did you end up here? 你怎么沦落到此的。
6. keep sth from sb 不将某事告诉某人

# Spring Break

1. Don't know What's  gonna be like when I have a new mom.
	1. What's it gonna be like ( what's it gonna feel like) 
2. Sorry to unload all these on you.
	1. unload sth on sb 
3. I've known you for what,5 hours?
4. No no, Don't be sorry.I get it. 
	1. I get it. 我懂的.
5. Thing never turn out the way that you expect them to. 
	1. turn out the way
6. I mean I'm not even supposed to be in Miami.But here I am.
	2. be supposed to
7. And vven though things didn't go according to plan.
	1. go according to plan 
8. Maybe that's not a bad thing.
9. How did it go / How's it going? 
10. You need any help with that?
	1. need any help (with sth) 
11. I got it 
	1. 懂了，我自己来
12. That's a pretty big bag you got there.
	1. What you got there? 你手你拿着什么
	2. You got me there. 你难住我了
13. I get it. I overpacked.
14. That's a good one. 那不错啊
	1. It's a good one. ( Have a good one. )