## 1. 史蒂夫·乔布斯
1. We need it to say "Hello".
2. You're not hearing me . It's not going to say.
3. Fix it.Fix it?//Yeah.//Ha.Ha.Ha.In forty minutes.?
4. Fix it.// I can't
5. Who's the person who can?
6. I'm the person who can,and I can't.
7. How bad are you saying?
8. It's pretty bad.
9. I don't know what that means.
10. It means the demo is more than likely going to crash.
11. You have to keep your voices down  Joel Pforzheimer is sitting out in the house.
## 2. 伯德小姐
1. What do you want from me?Yes?
2. My,My Grandma  wanted me to tell you that she missed you at Christmas.
3. Yeah,Well I couldn't have gone anyway.
4. My Mom was pissed about Thanksgiving.
5. Your mom is crazy.
6. I'm scared of her.
7. she's not crazy,she just ,you know,
8. she ,she has a big heart.she's very warm
## 3. 逃出绝命镇
1. Seizures create anxiety,which  can trigger agression.
2. Yeah,but randomly attacking other people?
3. Uh,it's not random.
4. You know ,it was your flash.That's what set him off.
5. Hey. Well
6. How's he doing ,it's much better.
7. I image that I owe you all an apology.
## 4. 请以你的名字呼唤我
1. That sounds different.
2. Did you change it?
3. Well ,I changed it a little bit.
4. why? // I just played it the way Liszt would have played if he altered Bach's version.
5. Play that again.
6. Play what again?
7. The thing you played outside.
8. Oh ,you want me to play the thing I played outside
9. Please.//Ah
## 5. 绿皮书
1. As my mother always said,what kind of brand new fool are you?
2. Look at them over there.
3. Take a good look at the officer you hit.
4. Look at him.
5. He's over there having a grand old time.
6. Chatting up with his pals.
7. Enjoying a nice cup of coffee.
8. And Where are you ? In here ,with me,who did nothing.
