# 401

1. Mark,you‘re real piece of shit.Yeah
2. And  no matter how many women you sleep with,or how many cars or clothes you buy,
3. nothing will ever be enough to fill up that hole inside of you where something real should be.
4. You are an empty man.

# 402

1. I'am not upset.that you don't love me.ok?
2. I'm just sad because I'm pretty sure you do.
3. But, you won't commit until you are a hundred percent certain that I am the absolute best that you can do.

# 403

1. This room really gets used when people are over or if it's the holidays,
2. um.. things get moved around for a Christmas tree over there.
3. But I just love to actually sit here and read on this touch .
4. This is kind of like my quiet room.

# 404

1. It was so much fun.
2. I mean I'm riding on old 60s motorcycles every day.
3. Are you a motocycle guy?
4. Yeah,my dad rode motorcycle.OK.
5. And so,I have such great memories of being on the back of his as a kid.
6. Oh,Would you ride around with you dad.
# 405
1. So you're going camping alone ?Yes 
2. And Why would you  do that?
3. Seriously,why wouldn't i do that?
4. Bears,serial killers,dirt.
5. I'm looking forward to it.
6. Have a little me time,process the lass 20 years.
# 406

1. Why wo don't just tell the cops that we started drinking after we crashed,right?
2. we were so pissed about the crash that we had nine beers.
3. You know that's actually that's a great idea.
4. Really,Yeah I think you just solved <font color="#ff0000">drunk driving</font>.
5. I did. didn't I ?
6. NO ,you <font color="#ff0000">dipshit</font>.we gotta go find a phone.

# 407
1. Your family has serious problems.
2. Problems that unfortunelly can't be sovled
3. What are you talking about?
4. I mean,just look at the way they've treated you.
5. Your mother and fatherthey've been <font color="#ff0000">awful </font>to you.
6. They have no idea how special you are.
# 408
1. You know, I stole this dress to <font color="#ff0000">fit in</font>, which is <font color="#ff0000">pathetic</font>.
2. I don't know about that.
3. Yeah,not as pathetic as the fact that Peach wrote me a check to keep afloat,
4. Which I don't wanna cash but now I have to.
# 409
1. Olivia started preforming "Complicated" on her <font color="#ff0000">tour</font>,
1. and everybody was taking about it.
2. And then we just happened to be in the same city at the same time.
3. And so she <font color="#ff0000">reached out to</font> me to jump up on stage with her,um and perform the song.
# 410
1. Are you enjoying being a mother?
2. Oh,my gosh,it's,It's incredible,it's incredible.
3. There are a lot of judgments,but it's,it's incredible.
4. Is there?Yes.who's juding you?
5. Let's go through names.
6. I feel like..I'm here to call them out.
7. No,I feel like everyone judges  what you do with you kid.
8. Ok, for instance under the <font color="#ff0000">guise</font> of <font color="#ff0000">concern</font>.
# 411
1. Would you do me a favor?
2. You think you can run to the store and get me some <font color="#ff0000">nail polish</font>?
3. Like a <font color="#ff0000">matte gray</font>?
4. You sure you want me to go get it?
5. I feel like I'll get the wrong one or something?
6. I think you can handle it.
7. I just wanna do nails before we go out  today

# 412

1. Ever since I was a little kid, 
2. I wasn't good at anything  but music
3. and now ,I'm not even good for that , so...
4. I teach <font color="#ff0000">composition</font> too , but I am taking the <font color="#ff0000">semester</font> off while I wirte.
# 413
1. Hey,hey.Oh my God.I can't linger.
2. Mike is out getting our car,but I saw you two livebirds and wanted to come say hi.
3. Hi,no,I'm glad you did.
4. It's good to see you.
5. Yeah.I'm so excited about tomorrow.
6. What can we bring?
7. Nothing,just your beautiful selves.Ok,prefection
# 414
1. You know,there was almost no blood at all.
2. I think I got a little paper cut in the movie.That was about it.
3. And something that my kids can watch.
4. But aslo like I just as a parent,you know,too,
5. you want the parents need to get punched right in the heart as well.Yeah
# 415
1. For my friends  don't FaceTime me

# 416

1. Life is hard. We all know that. Money is harder.
2. I can only <font color="#ff0000">stretch</font> it so far.
3. Do you even know how much we spend a week on <font color="#ff0000">groceries</font>?
4. Too much.That's how much.
5. A hundred and twenty <font color="#ff0000">bucks</font>.

# 417

1. Awesome!oh,I'm so glad  I tried this  at home
2. <font color="#00b050">What the hell was that?</font>
3. Oh,It's okay,Mrs.Fechko.I'm just doing a science experiment.
4. Is that a gun?
5. What's you shooting at? Nothing.Are you sure?
# 418

1. Onetime I cut my finger off in a blender
2. and my grandmother took me to the hospital,and as she was coming to get me,
3. I thought she was holding Band-Aids to help take into the hospital,
4. but it was a powder,and she said,
5. 'You never know who you're gonna meet in the hospital' ,and give me a quick touch up
# 421

1. Your brother is on the verge of being <font color="#ff0000">expelled</font>.
2. and unfortunately,there are steps the state requires to be taken before  he can be bounced.
3. and a meeting with his legal guardian is the next step.
4. You can't do this ,he loves school.

# 422

1. Can  you change a twenty?
2. That's a candy bar wrapper.
3. oh,Would you look at that
4. I'm sorry,I was just diagnoased with dementia.
5. I must've picked up the candy bar wrapper on my dresser instead of my wal..Bless you.

# 441 

1. So, although I wish I were here with you better news,
2. the fact is that you  and I are sitting here today 
3. because this will be your last week of employment at this company.
4. Why me? What am I supposed to do now?
5. Am I supposed to feel better that I'm not only one losing my job?
6. This is ridiculous!

# 451

1. I hava a strong feeling to towards the final outfit that she wears just because it felt like 
2. such an emotional slog for her to get there,to get to a place.
3. I'm talking about the white queen outfit,the hat and,you know, the cincked jacket.