# 467

1. Natali,this is Alex,My Friend.
2. This is Natalie.
3. I should give you both a moment.
4. No,no,that's fine.
5. I'm fine.It's pleasure to meet you.
6. Maybe we should just go ..go up to our rooms and freshen up.
7. or maybe a drink?
8. Now,you're talkin'

# 468

1. Ted, why don't you ask them something productive,like how them met,
2. um,what orinigally drew them to each other?
3. All right.
4. Um,Matty,what originally attracted you to Susan?
5. Her innocence.

# 469

1. When's the date for Ronnies's wedding?
2. A few weeks.
3. No,I need to know the exact date.
4. I have to make my appointments.
5. Fow what?
6. For the right nail tech.
7. You gotto book these things in advance.
8. I don't want them to stick me with Josie

# 470

1. Listen really carefully,Jay.
2. This is something that came out of you
   1. in a form of self defence,in defense of this family
3. And it was put into motion by me.
4. This is my doing.

# 486

1. There's a car wreck about an hour before time of death
2. Where? Eastview.Eastview?
3. See,I thought you turned into a pumpkin that far afield.
4. Hey, I travel.I'm wordly.

# 487

1. Is that a new jacket,lan?
2. Yeah.Where'd you get the money...the register?
3. Is there anything going on behind my back?
4. No.Four cameras,every square each inch covered,
5. from now on,I'm the eye in the sky.

# 488

1. Thank you for watching Liam.
2. Hope he wasn't too much trouble.
3. No trouble at all  Don't be silly.
4. We were just finger painting.How was your night?
5. Just what the doctor ordered.
6. Well,you need another one? I can take him.
7. oh,thank you,Sheila,but I couldn't ask 
8. No ,really ,really,it's really no bother.

# 489

1. People really like to see me  **hysterical** like on the...
2. You have a good  scream?
3. I don't even say I have a good scream,but it's just very instinctive.
4. And I think I have really ugly crying face,which people just feed on.